Hello we are back here for a new lesson in this lesson.
We're going to talk about the so called W.P. query Well for those who have never heard of it.
WP Querrey is a very powerful WordPress class that allows us to make a modification to the default WordPress
loop sometimes called the main query and you may ask me Marcello what is that default WordPress loop.
I've never heard of it.
Well every time you open a page or a post what we see is this default Word Press loop in action.
So you already know it.
We have already created one of these loops in our index file which generates a post listing for us that's
on our blog page.
But as the name says We're talking about a default look there are times that we want to change that
loop if we want to have a visually different result.
For example if you look again at the design of the home page of the theme we are building we can see
that it has this section where we have this future news.
It is followed by this to other secondary items with a default WordPress loop.
We cannot achieve this and why.
Basically because we need shoe loops on the same page to achieve this result.
WP Querrey is a class that allows us to make changes to this main query and have as a result something
like this.
OK but before we start writing any code let's start by showing some things that I have prepared for
this lesson.
Well in addition to the CSSA modifications made here to the services area which you can see later in
the files available for download is made some minor changes in the backend.
Let's go over to the dashboard.
The first thing I did was modify the post I'd use for some of the items we have already created in other
license.
So there's nothing new here.
OK.
So we're going to start by opening the file which is our home templates.
At this point everyone is tired of knowing that that file is the page home that BHP file the first thing
you're going to need to create is the mail markup if you create a new row inside the new section.
Well why do I need to create this role here.
To answer that.
Let's take a look at our layout as you can see this entire region here is already in a row within that
row.
We have these two columns.
One is the side bar with three columns and the other is where our news will be placed with nine columns.
Now here in this news area we're going to have another column division.
Let's imagine that this new row also has 12 columns.
We're going to have a news item that you occupy a space of columns in this new row and here below.
We're going to have two more news items.
Each one occupying six columns.
There you see it.
So we need a new row here.
It's a basic bootstrap room.
It has nothing to do with wordpress.
OK.
This is just H.E. AML and CSSA OK for each news we'll be creating a new word press.
Look the first one is going to be used for the future Eitan.
And the other one is going to close the other two news items and that's the advantage of WP Querrey
as you see in the next license.
It allows us to have more than one word press look on the same page with different parameters for each
one OK since this topic may be a little difficult to understand and going to divide this lessons into
four parts to make it easier for you to understand.
I'll try not to rush things.
So in the next lesson we come back and you understand in practice how to create this custom queries
in wordpress.
So see you later.